docs(UIB): Integration with Studio (#3122)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: modules/ROOT/pages/release-notes.adoc

== New available values

> The Bonita Studio now allows you to launch Bonita UI Builder very easily (for development only). See xref:applications:development-instance-from-studio.adoc[Development instance from Studio] for more information.

Reviewer: ⚠️ This sentence turning can make think that UI Builder is only for development.

> The Bonita Studio now allows you to launch Bonita UI Builder very easily (for development only). See xref:applications:development-instance-from-studio.adoc[Development instance from Studio] for more information.

Author: ```suggestion
During development, the Bonita Studio now allows you to launch Bonita UI Builder very easily (for production, the Studio is not used). See xref:applications:development-instance-from-studio.adoc[Development instance from Studio] for more information.
```
